Day;Day 1;
Luke;I woke up with the sunlight beaming down onto my tired face. "Where am I?" I wondered as I looked around. ;
Luke; Although the colour of the bedding is the same plain white as before, but this is definitely not my usual bed. ;
Luke; The sponginess of the mattress is off and the pillow is too high for my neck.; 
Luke; I looked around and noticed a newspaper lying on a platter.;
Player;Read it:line,6;No time for this:line,11
Newspaper;“Bloodsheds in 3 local Asylums”-- the identity of the killer is still unknown;
Luke;I quickly scanned through the list but wait! Saint Matthew’s! That’s the psychiatric hospital where I was hospitalized for my …… wait. ;
Luke;I am a patient in an asylum?! What’s going on?;
Luke;I tried to recall my past but nothing popped up except my name: Luke. Something is clearly wrong. ;
Luke;It’s like someone has deleted all the files, leaving you with just the empty folder itself. Just when I was trying to figure out my situation, ;
Luke;Suddenly, I heard someone knocking the door;
Pete;“Hey! You are awake!”;
Luke;I saw a boy about my age, grinning at me. The fact that he is here means he is also a patient.;
Pete;“Welcome to Room 4 of The Berkeley Asylum for Troubled Youth. I’m Pete.”;
Luke;“Hi, I’m Luke. Nice to meet you.”;
Luke; A bad feeling was rising up in my chest. Should I befriend with this guy?;
Luke;“Do you know why I’m here? I was a patient at St. Matthew’s hospital but somehow ended up here. I can’t seem to remember anything of this affair.”;
Pete;“Sorry bro. I have no idea. They moved you in yesterday at night. Why don’t I show you around the place and maybe we can ask a doctor or nurse?”;
Player;Good idea.:line,20;Better stay here.:line,43
Luke;We took a walk around the asylum. He showed me where the cafe, the TV room, and the place where they gave out the medications. ;
Luke;However, all these things didn't interest me.;
Luke;I tried to seem like I was enjoying the tour, but I was focused on planning escape. I didn't see a single telephone or exit to the outside world.;
Luke;Just then, Pete started to wave his arms frantically. I thought he was having an episode, but he was just trying to flag down a friend of his.;
Pete;“Kate! Kate! Over here!”;
Luke;Soon Pete’s friend came over and he introduced me to her. She was a couple of years younger than us.;
Kate;“Did you guys know about the killings at the other asylums?”;
Pete;“Yeah, it was horrible. The local hospitals are putting extra surveillance and security measures.”;
Kate;“Hey Luke, Have you met Allie yet?”;
Luke;“No. Just you two.” Immediately, she yelled across the room to her friend, Allie, who was conversing with a ragged doll in her arms.; 
Allie;“Hey guys!” Allie shouted as she skipped over to where we were standing.;
Allie;“You must be the new kid, right?;
Allie;I saw them carrying you into your room. You were tied to a gurney and yelling about how you wanted to end the world.”;
Luke;I don’t remember any of this matter. If what she said was true, then this means I was forced to transfer to this hospital.;
Kate;“By the way, remember to take the pills every night.”;
Luke;“Pills?”;
Allie;“Remember to take the medication every day or you will be crazy!”;
Luke;This is a joke? However, I was not in the mood for laughter.;
Luke;After Pete has showed me the café, TV room, garden, it is already night. We went back to our rooms. ;
Luke;It turned out that Allie and Kate had separate rooms in same hallway as Pete and me.;
Luke;On my bed was a silver tray with a green capsule on top. “What is this Pete?”;
Pete; "Oh, the pills? They're harmless! It's just to help us to sleep calmly. That's all.";
Player;Take pills:line,48;I will save pills for another night:line,49
Luke;I walked around the room and saw Pete’s patient description card on his bed frame.;
Luke;PTSD, that’s Post Traumatic Stress Disorder. But Pete seems like a normal person, at least for now.;
Luke; I tried to recall my past. My age, my parents, my home, my hobbies…Yet my mind is still blank. The thought of having amnesia filled myself with dread. ;
Luke;On my bed was a silver tray with a green capsule on top. The label reads “Sleeping pills: one per day”.;
Player;Take pills:line,48;I will save pills for another night:line,49
Luke;As soon as I gobbled down the pill with water, sleepiness overwhelmed me and I fell into a deep slumber.;
Day;Night 1;
Pete; As I lay in the bathtub trying to sleep, I thought about my new roommate, Luke.;
Pete;What was his disorder?; I hope he took the ‘sleeping pills’ because people here are too dangerous. They need the pills to calm down.;
Pete;Ever since I came to this ugly place, I decided to sleep in the public bathroom at night. ;
Pete;But Luke seems not too dangerous. Should I sleep in room 4 today then?;
Player;Sleep in room 4:line,55;No, it’s better to be safe:line,61
Pete; After I climbed onto my bed and closed my eyes, I fell into sleep.;
Pete; In my dream, I was sleeping when someone puts a pillow on top of my face, trying to suffocate me to death.;
Pete;The dream seemed so real as I felt my airway was blocked and I couldn’t breathe anymore.;
Pete;I woke from my nightmare and all I can see is white. The pure whiteness of a pillow. I tried to scream but the pillow has damped my sound.;
Pete;I tried to kick my legs and move my arms, but they are tied together by a rope.;
Pete;My oxygen level quickly plummeted and I lost my consciousness.; DIED 
Pete; I hope Luke didn't notice my absence.;
Pete;The bathroom is the only room in the asylum that has a locked door, aside from the rubber room.;
Pete; A scream pierced my ears.;
Pete;At this place, people scream night and day.;
Pete;But this scream was different and it gave me the shivers.;
Pete;Down the hall, there was a light emanating from room number 6.;
Pete; That’s Kate’s room 6. Just then, another scream rang out behind her door.;
Pete;It sounded just like Kate’s voice;
Pete; I silently crept over. . I wanted to open the door and check on her, but my hands were shaking so much that I couldn't even make a fist.;
Pete;Then I heard one more of Kate's screams, but this one sounded muffled, as if she was underwater.;
Pete;It reminded me of my childhood memories. That gloomy afternoon, the swimming pool, the bullies...;
Pete;I felt nauseous and ran back to the bathroom to throw up.;
Pete;On the way back I noticed the door to Allie's room was open and Allie was not in her bed.;
Pete;She didn’t take the pills?;
Pete;I thought that was weird, but I couldn't concern myself with that right now.;
Pete;I ran back to the bathroom as quietly and as quickly as I possibly could and locked the stall door.;
Day;Day 2;
Luke;I woke up with a stiff neck.;
Luke;I looked around the room. No newspaper. No Pete.;
Pete;“Luke”, Pete called me from the doorway.;
Pete; “There’s been a murder.”;
Luke; Pete looked shaken and his face was as pale as snow. I don’t think this is a joke.;
Pete; “It’s Kate. She’s dead.”;
Pete; “Also, I want to show you something.";
Luke;I sensed that this was serious. He motioned for me to follow him.;
Luke;We walked a short distance to the door of Kate’s room.;
Pete; “Brace yourself.” And he slowly opened the door.;
Luke;I almost puked on the spot as I witnessed the gruesome sight before me.;
Luke; Kate's blood-soaked body was dangling off the bed. I turned away in disgust, but something on the wall caught my attention.;
Luke;Written in blood, was my name in block letters.;
Pete; “That’s what I was talking about.” said Pete as he pointed to my name on the wall.;
Luke;I eyed the bloody words in horror. What does this mean? Would I be the next victim?As time slips by, it's already night;
Player;Take pills:line,94;I will save later:line,94
Day;Night 2;
Pete;I was still a bit shaken by the dreadful incident but I managed to calm down a bit.;
Pete; When I was positive Luke had fallen asleep, I headed for the bathroom.;
Pete; Thoughts began to pop into my mind, why wasn’t Allie in her room last night?;
Pete; Was she related to the killing? But one thing I was certain, the killer was hunting our asylum now.;
Pete; Am I going to be killed like Kate as well?;
Pete;I decided to give it a rest and go to sleep. But a loud screech in the hallway stirred me awake.;
Pete;Another murder?; 
Pete; Should I go out and check? What if I get murdered too?;
Player;Go out to check:line,104; Stay:line,117
Pete; Another scream echoed in the hallway. This time, it was coming from Allie’s room.;
Pete;  I worked up the courage to take a peek at the scene outside.;
Pete; The door to Allie’s door was ajar. As I slowly opened the door, my eyes peered over the side of the white bathroom door;
Pete; A corpse of a nurse hanging by her intestine on the bedpost came straight to my eyes;
Pete; There is the red writing on the walls again. LUKE. The blood is still oozing down the walls from the letters.;
Pete; I felt dizzy and wanted to go back to the bathroom until I saw Allie standing in the corner of the room, covered all in blood;
Pete;Her doll was torn apart and she is laughing hysterically.;
Allie; “Pete, are you going to run away from me as well?”;
Allie; “You see, that nurse over there tried but she got killed…”;
Pete; This is not good…;
Pete;I ran quickly as I possibly can towards the bathroom. But….;
Pete; A sharp pain in my back has stopped me from taking another step.;
Pete; My vision started to blue and I fell onto the cold floor. Died; 
Pete; The fear of getting killed overwhelmed me as the screaming got muffled and got silent;
Pete; I worked up the courage to take a peek at the scene outside. The door to Allie’s dorm was ajar. ;
Pete; From this angle, I could see again the red writing on the walls. LUKE. The blood is still oozing down the walls from the letters.;
Pete;I felt dizzy as I ran back to the bathroom to release the acid from my stomach. Allie is too suspicious……and so is Luke.;
Day;Day 3;
Luke; As I woke up in the morning all I heard was a loud commotion and the gossips about the murder again.;
Luke; A large crowd was gathering near Allie’s room. As I tried to look what was making everyone nervous, I saw a disturbing sight.;
Luke; It was one of the nurses, the pure white uniform was splattered with blood.;
Luke; OH BLODDY HELL! My name was on the wall again.;
Luke;I quickly headed over to find Pete in the crowd.;
Luke; "Pete, don't you think it's weird that none of our rooms has locks on it? Only the bathroom and the weird looking rubber room can be locked.”;
Luke; instead of answering my question, Pete glanced at me and said:;
Pete; "Luke, you don't have a slight idea of why your name is written on the murder scene? Don't you think it got something to do with you?”;
Luke; What, he is suspicious of me now?  Who on earth is stupid enough to write down his own name after he has committed a murder?;
Luke; But I don't want to quarrel with him right now. The killer is definitely after me. He wants something from me. What does he want?;
Luke; As I  wondered in the hospital, I saw Allie standing in front of the rubber room, with a new doll in her arms.;
Player;Talk to her:line,134;Walk away:line,143;
Allie; “Luke, I saw it. I saw it all. Hahahahahaha. No one can fool me. You want to know who killed them?”;
Luke; She’s not in a normal mental state right now. ;
Allie; “Oh look you don’t know a thing, do you? Luke, the newbie who arrived days earlier.”;
Allie; “Luke, the boy who lost his memory. Luke, the name on the wall.”;
Allie; “ You really think others are as dumb as you think they are?”;
Luke; What is she saying? I cannot understand a word. Clearly she didn’t take her meds today.;
Allie; “I am going to end this one and for all.” What is she talking about?;
Luke; Just she finished talking, she pulled a knife out of her doll and charged towards me;
Luke; It happened in a blink of eye. I didn’t have time to dodge and it went straight into my chest. Died;
Luke; I saw the door to the Doctor’s office is open. And I peeked in and no one is there;
Luke; The key of the file cabinet is still attached onto the drawer.;
Luke; I pulled the drawer open and went through it, hoping to find my file;
Luke;Yes, I’ve found my file but a coffee stain blurred the ink and I can only read “Diagnosis: Diss---” on the paper;
Luke; What is an disorder that starts with ‘Diss’? I also wanted to see Pete’s file and footsteps are coming down the hallway so I quickly left the room. End of day;
Player;eat pill:line,149;I don’t want to eat pills:line,149
Day;Night 3;
Pete;I tried to make sense of the murders so far. It seems like Allie is the most suspicious of all. Should I go out and investigate today?;
Player;Yes:line,157; No:line,152
Pete; I closed my eyes and try to relax my body from the tension that has built up these days.;
Pete; Then I sensed someone blowing air to my ear and whisper:;
Pete; “I’ve found you Pete!”;
Pete; I quickly opened my eyes but the silver glint of a blade blinded my eyes.;
Pete; And silver was the last colour I ever saw. Died;
Pete; where should I investigate?;
Player;Rubber room:line,159;Allie’s room:line,167
Pete; I saw Allie standing in front of the rubber room;
Allie; “Pete, you are also behind these killings right?”;
Pete; What is Allie saying? “No Allie. What makes you think that way?”;
Allie; “Don’t try to fool me. You are close to Luke, aren’t you?”;
Pete; “What does Luke have to do with this?”;
Allie; Then I saw her pulling a knife from her doll and charged towards me.;
Allie; Shit, she is really behind these killings;
Pete; Then she stabbed me with the knife. Died;
Pete; I went to Allie’s room, trying to fetch some clues about the killings;
Pete; Then I saw a notebook on her bed. It’s her diary.;
Pete; It’s no time to read it now. I should read it in a safer place. So I grabbed the diary and left the room;
Day;Day 4;
Luke; I couldn’t stop thinking about my file. That bloody coffee spill has ruined everything.;
Luke; What is my diagnosis anyways? What is Diss? Then a scene appeared in my mind.;
Luke; The asylum was not pure white, but instead dipped in crimson red.;
Luke; The walls, the doors, my clothe, every my hands are red. ;
Luke; My name were written on every single inch on the wall, scribbled in blood. ;
Luke; The image was quickly cut off by a sudden headache, like a self-protection mechanism that protects one from an illusion like this.;
Luke; But the headache was so terrible that I needed immediate medication.;
Luke; Without thinking, I took two handfuls of the pills and gobbled down my throat.; pill = pill + 2; 
If  pill < 4: line,183 ; if pill >= 4: line,180
Luke; My vision started to shake. I leaned against the wall to gain balance.;
Luke; This must be the consequence of over dosage.;
Luke; Gradually, blackness engulfed me. I have lost my conscience completely. Died
Luke; Pete knocked my doors and showed me Allie’s diary. ;
Luke; He said he is sure that Allie is the murderer because she has Schizophrenia.;
Luke; Her diary is filled with descriptions of the different ways of murdering people;
Luke; Just when I was trying to connect the dots together, my vision started to shake and I begin to lose my balance and conscious;
Luke; This must be the effect of over dosage…;
Luke; As I doze off, I heard Pete calling my name but I don’t have to strength to open my eyelids…;
Day;Night 4
Pete;Luke is so stupid to take so many pills at once. I hope he can wake up tomorrow. Now, where should I go today?;
Player;Bathroom:line,192;Doctor’s room:line, 220;
Pete; When I walked out of my room, I saw Allie standing in front of her door across the hallway ;
Pete; Without thinking, I sprinted towards the bathroom and locked the stall door. ;
Pete; Right after I locked the bathroom door, I picked up a suppressed scream.;
Pete; I can’t exactly tell whom, but it was really near, very near.;
Pete; Goosebumps appeared on my arms and all my hair went up.;
Pete; I waited for a minute until complete silence filled the atmosphere.;
Pete; As I peeked into the hallway, I saw my room, room 4’s door was closed and blood was still oozing out under the door.;
Pete; Shit, I shouldn’t left Luke in a state like this all by himself.;
Pete; I pushed the door open and stepped in;
Pete; The view was the most horrifying out of all the murders. Each body part was dismembered and randomly thrown on the floor;
Pete; The parts were so badly mangled that it was difficult to identify the corpse.;
Pete; Then I was about the puke, I saw a dismembered arm holding onto a doll.;
Pete; That body over there is Allie. She died?;
Pete; I rubbed my eyes twice, to make sure I wasn’t hallucinating.;
Pete; Someone else murdered Allie. But in a very brutal way, just like the killings described in the newspaper;
Pete; So who is this killer? If I think from a different perspective, what if Allie wasn’t the killer from the beginning?;
Pete; She has schizophrenia, which meant she could be day-dreaming.;
Pete; Then it was simply her own imagination that she thought she was slaughtering people but in reality she wasn’t?;
Pete; If the killer wasn’t Allie, then who could it be? A face popped into my mind instantly; 
Pete; The killings all started on the first day he arrived. The hospital where the last serial killing happened is where he was treated at…;
Pete; Suddenly someone breathed down the back of my neck.;
Pete; He tapped on my shoulder but I was too afraid to turn around;
Pete; A week later…
Luke; I slowly opened my eyelids, I was lying on a white bed and a fan was swirling on the ceiling.;
Luke; Somehow this scene seemed strangely familiar. Where am I and what's going on?;
Luke; I turned my head and saw the newspaper lying beside the bedpost;
Luke; "Massacre in Berkeley Asylum", the words were familiar too. How?;
Luke; Then out of nowhere, I remembered one thing, my name is Luke END;
Pete; I turned the doorknob of the Doctors room. Just like I expected, that careless doc didn’t lock his door;
Pete; I wanted to find Allie’s file but the file cabinet is locked.;
Pete; I quickly scanned around, looking for the key. I opened the drawer under the desk and I saw a pistol lying inside.;
Pete; So this is what the doctors think of us. But that’s okay. I also think in the same way as the doctors and nurses here.These patients here are lunatics.;
Pete; that’s why a gun comes in handy. I picked up the gun and left the room;
Pete; After I returned to my usual hide out, the bathroom, I picked up a suppressed scream.;
Pete; I can’t exactly tell whom, but it was really near, very near.;
Pete; Goosebumps appeared on my arms and all my hair went up.;
Pete; I waited for a minute until complete silence filled the atmosphere.;
Pete; As I peeked into the hallway, I saw my room, room 4’s door was closed and blood was still oozing out under the door.;
Pete; Shit, I shouldn’t left Luke in a state like this all by himself.;
Pete; I pushed the door open and stepped in;
Pete; The view was the most horrifying out of all the murders. Each body part was dismembered and randomly thrown on the floor;
Pete; The parts were so badly mangled that it was difficult to identify the corpse.;
Pete; Then I was about the puke, I saw a dismembered arm holding onto a doll.;
Pete; That body over there is Allie. She died?;
Pete; I rubbed my eyes twice, to make sure I wasn’t hallucinating.;
Pete; Someone else murdered Allie. But in a very brutal way, just like the killings described in the newspaper;
Pete; So who is this killer? If I think from a different perspective, what if Allie wasn’t the killer from the beginning?;
Pete; She has schizophrenia, which meant she could be day-dreaming.;
Pete; Then it was simply her own imagination that she thought she was slaughtering people but in reality she wasn’t?;
Pete; If the killer wasn’t Allie, then who could it be? A face popped into my mind instantly; 
Pete; The killings all started on the first day he arrived. The hospital where the last serial killing happened is where he was treated at…;
Pete; Suddenly someone breathed down the back of my neck.;
Pete; He tapped on my shoulder and I turned around;
Pete; So it is him. Luke. He is the murderer;
Luke; “I’ve found you Pete.”;
Pete; “I’ve also found you Luke.”;
Pete; when Luke pulled the knife from Allie's corpse, I also pulled the gun from my pocket and pulled the trigger.;
Ending; END;